in the midst of that 72 Oh terrific year
number 76
John Eliot second holding pole and he
said in those days we were the one who
possessed the ball he says now we're
being over possessed and that's what's
happened in the 80s and he's trying to
turn it around and it's not as though
his style created what you see today in
the sense of not being as visible
because those great teams were the most
physical in football they dominated they
ravaged the office they disturb
everything way so what he's doing is
putting together
sighs to stop him as the Giants
at the 20-yard line John offered all
coming up to greet him with Briggs as
offered all victim I am e style of
Defense's is a departure from NFC
football
here's over doll one of the great
linebackers to link but the Miami
defense is a static kind of defense
where people just take their
responsibilities they don't really
attack like NFC teams and this is a
change of that concern the Giants but at
this point the Giants are dealing with
it very very well
second in 18
wide open is Maegan no one near him 50
and finally
forty-two
what a big play little man he is 38
yards
just a sense of blown coverage
by the Miami secondary their Safety's
just didn't get where they belong and
when he released up the field there
would just no one there the tire did not
hold up and their Sims feeling pretty
good about it they spotted that coverage
and hit make it down